---
pubDate: 2024-05-03
title: kanji, kanji, kanji
slug: kanji-kanji-kanji
---

Friday, 3 May, 2024

I had a piano lesson this morning. I won't have had a piano lesson until August. In the way home, I purchased some daily tools, like teeth brushes, in the drug store.

Uh, somehow I forgot how to write in English...

Anyway, after I returned home, I studied kanji as usual. It seems that everyday I write about studying kanji in this diary. Lately I don't do anything but study kanji, actually. Today I studied yojijukugo, which is the words combined with four kanji. They usually come from an episode in ancient China. I enjoy knowing the episodes, some of which are funny.

And I watched a bunch of the videos about kanji. These videos is not for the exam, but for the education. Through these videos, we can obtain the ability of teaching kanji. These videos are very fun because I can deeply learn the details of kanji.

I really forgot how to write in English... I have to read English books more and more.

### Automatic Correction Results by AI
The correction results are as follows:

#### Overall Comments
Your diary shows good use of English vocabulary and structure. It seems like you are dedicated to studying kanji, which is great! Just a few minor grammar and word choice corrections have been made. Keep up the good work!

#### Revised Diary
Friday, 3 May 2024

I had a piano lesson this morning. I won’t have another piano lesson until August. On the way home, I purchased some daily essentials, like toothbrushes, at the drug store.

Uh, somehow I forgot how to write in English…

Anyway, after I returned home, I studied kanji as usual. It seems that every day I write about studying kanji in this diary. Lately, I haven’t been doing anything but studying kanji, actually. Today, I focused on yojijukugo, which are words combined with four kanji. They usually originate from episodes in ancient China. I enjoy learning about these episodes, some of which are quite amusing.

I also watched several videos about kanji. These videos aren’t for exams but for educational purposes. Through these videos, we can acquire the ability to teach kanji. I find these videos very enjoyable because I can delve into the intricacies of kanji.

I really forgot how to write in English… I need to read English books more and more.

#### Explanation of Corrections
1. “until” should be changed to “another” to express that you won’t have another piano lesson until August.
2. “tools” is replaced with “essentials” to better describe items like toothbrushes.
3. Changed “do anything but study kanji” for smoother expression.
4. “studied yojijukugo” is more appropriate than “studied yojijukugo”.
5. Replaced “is” with “aren’t” to match the plural “videos”.
6. “deeply learn” is changed to “delve into” for a stronger and more appropriate description. (complete)