---
pubDate: 2024-05-20
title: be back
slug: be-back
---

Monday, 20 May, 2024

I want to be back to when I wasn't completely worried about anything. To when I was just able to enjoy my hobbies. To when I was useful for someone. I want to quit everything I have to do now. I want to go somewhere far away. I want to throw away everything. Now I can't be useful for anyone but bother everyone. Totally I'm not needed by the rest of the world.

Now I have to do many things. I have to learn new skills related to my work. I have to study kanji. I have to, I have to... I want to throw up everything. I want to vanish from the world. I'm tired of everything.

I ordered a new English book on Amazon a few days ago. Since it hadn't be shipped until this evening, I felt worried about not shipping forever, so I ordered another English book this morning. As a result of that, I'm going to receive two English books tomorrow. Although it is better than not receiving any books...

I'm tired. All I'm able to do is writing my feelings here in this poor English. I'm tired. I feel writing in English is able to cover my intense feeling.

## Overall Comments
The content of your diary expresses your feelings clearly. It’s essential to find healthy ways to cope with stress and not to feel overwhelmed by your responsibilities. Keep it up!

## Revised Diary
Monday, 20 May 2024

I wish I could go back to a time when I didn’t worry so much. A time when I could simply enjoy my hobbies and be of help to others. I feel overwhelmed with everything I have to do now. I long to escape to a faraway place and leave all my responsibilities behind. It seems like I can’t be of any help to others and only end up bothering everyone. I feel unimportant in the grand scheme of things.

There is a long list of tasks I must complete. I need to acquire new skills for work, study kanji, and the list goes on. I feel like giving up on everything. I yearn to disappear from this world. I am exhausted with it all.

Recently, I ordered a new English book from Amazon, but it hadn’t been shipped until this evening, causing me to worry that it may never arrive. Consequently, this morning I ordered another English book. As a result, I will now be receiving two English books tomorrow. Although it is a relief to know I will at least receive some books…

I am drained. The only thing I can manage to do is express my feelings here in this imperfect English. I am weary. Writing in English seems to help me convey my intense emotions.

## Explanation of Corrections
1. I made some changes to make the sentences flow more smoothly and express your sentiments more effectively.
2. I corrected the verb forms to match the correct tense and subject-verb agreement.
3. I adjusted the phrasing to make your desires and feelings more accurately depicted.
4. I added some transitions for coherence between thoughts in the diary. (complete)