---
layout: ../../../../layouts/PostLayout.astro
year: 2024
month: 04
day: 27
title: soy source
---

Saturday, 27 April 2024

Yesterday terrible thing happend. My housemate accidentally scattered soy source all over the room. He drank so much that he didn't realize what he did, so he fell into asleep immediately. The room was full of the smell of soy source. During night, I was desperately cleaning all over the room. However, I wasn't able to find out where drops were actually scattered. The room is too messy to search. Even thought the smell was reduced with my effort, there was still faint smell.

Today I found soy source in a narrow spece on surface of a speaker. It is supporsed to be the reason of faint smell, so I managed to clean that space with plastic card. I covered that card with wet cloth and inserted it into that space. Such a hard work. I hope that the smell vanishes.

This morning I tackled new textbook of Kanji. This textbook contains 17 practice exam which format immitates a real exam. It took about 2 hours and half to finish the first one. I have to tackle rest of the textbook, which seems to be hard. But I enjoy studying Kanji.

I also tackled the Russian textbook. Although this book is written in English, it seem that I'm able to study with it except for exercises about translating Russsian to English because I'm not good at writing English.

And, I also have to keep the rule reading "The Cobra Event" 20 pages each day. There are too many things to do, but I feel fun.